f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.exe.config
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.exe
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.pdb
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.Modelos.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.Modelos.pdb
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.exe
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.pdb
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ByteBank.Modelos.xml
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\Humanizer.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\Humanizer.xml
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\af\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ar\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\az\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\bg\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\bn-BD\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\cs\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\da\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\de\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\el\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\es\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\fa\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\fi-FI\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\fr\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\fr-BE\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\he\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\hr\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\hu\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\id\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\it\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ja\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ku\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\lv\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ms-MY\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\mt\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\nb\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\nb-NO\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\nl\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\pl\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\pt\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ro\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\ru\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\sk\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\sl\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\sr\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\sr-Latn\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\sv\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\th-TH\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\tr\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\uk\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\uz-Cyrl-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\uz-Latn-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\vi\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Humanizer.resources.dll
f:\Users\cassi\Desktop\Estudos\Alura\C#\Git\#5 - ByteBank\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia\obj\Debug\ByteBank.SistemaAgencia.exe.config
